Added documentation guidelines for type hints (#1338)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/documentation.rst

``Tuple[:class:`str`, :class:`int`]`` for a tuple of type
``(str, int)``; ``Tuple[:class:`int`, ...]`` for a tuple of variable
length with only integers.

Adding type hints to functions and parameters
---------------------------------------------

> When you've never used type hints before, here is a good place to get startd:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've never used type hints before, this is a good place to get started:
```

https://realpython.com/python-type-checking/#hello-types

> By adding type hints to manim, there are some guidlines that should be followed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding type hints to manim, there are some guidelines that should be followed:
```

* Coordinates have the typehint `Sequence[float]`, e.g.

.. code:: py

    def set_points_as_corners(self, points: Sequence[float]) -> "VMobject":
        """Given an array of points, set them as corner of the Vmobject."""

* `**kwargs` has no typehint

* Mobjects have the typehint "Mobject", e.g.

.. code:: py

    def match_color(self, mobject: "Mobject"):
        """Match the color with the color of another :class:`~.Mobject`."""
        return self.set_color(mobject.get_color())

> * Colors have the typhint "Color", e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Colors have the typehint "Color", e.g.
```

.. code:: py

    def set_color(self, color: Color = YELLOW_C, family: bool = True):
        """Condition is function which takes in one arguments, (x, y, z)."""

> * As `float` and `Union[int,float]` are the same, use only `float`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As `float` and `Union[int, float]` are the same, use only `float`
```

``Tuple[:class:`str`, :class:`int`]`` for a tuple of type
``(str, int)``; ``Tuple[:class:`int`, ...]`` for a tuple of variable
length with only integers.

Adding type hints to functions and parameters
---------------------------------------------

If you've never used type hints before, this is a good place to get started:
https://realpython.com/python-type-checking/#hello-types.

When adding type hints to manim, there are some guidelines that should be followed:

> * Coordinates have the typehint ``Sequence[float]``, e.g.

Reviewer 2: We can also define some manim specific type aliases... so that there could be a Type Hint `Coordinates`.
Furthermore, it would give us a central location to narrow the type in future.

Author: Yess, sounds like a really good idea!
Should they go then into the `constants.py` folder?

Reviewer 2: we should probably have a separate typing.py if we're going down this route.

.. code:: py

    def set_points_as_corners(self, points: Sequence[float]) -> "VMobject":
        """Given an array of points, set them as corner of the Vmobject."""
* ``**kwargs`` has no typehint

* Mobjects have the typehint "Mobject", e.g.

.. code:: py

    def match_color(self, mobject: "Mobject"):
        """Match the color with the color of another :class:`~.Mobject`."""
        return self.set_color(mobject.get_color())
* Colors have the typehint ``Color``, e.g.

.. code:: py

    def set_color(self, color: Color = YELLOW_C, family: bool = True):
        """Condition is function which takes in one arguments, (x, y, z)."""
* As ``float`` and ``Union[int, float]`` are the same, use only ``float``

> * For numpy arrays use the typehint ``np.ndarray``

Reviewer 2: numpy.typing also specifies "ArrayLike". Not sure it's what we want, just mentioning it here. 

https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/typing.html

Numpy Type Hints in general are a work in progress as I understand.

* Functions that does not return a value should get the type hint ``None``. (This annotations help catch the kinds of subtle bugs where you are trying to use a meaningless return value. )

.. code:: py

    def height(self, value) -> None:
        self.scale_to_fit_height(value)

> * When a parameter is None by default, it can get the type hint ``Optional``

Reviewer 2: Well, when the default actually is None, then it _has_ to be Optional.

The problem in our code is that sometimes we use None to mean - nothing specified, please use the default. This is especially true in `__init__` functions where we have a lot of `if x is None: x = default_x`. And other times None is used to mean an actual value.

`Optional[X]` captures the former use case and `Union[X, None]` captures the latter - even though they are synonymous. ... I guess always using Optional is also OK.. and easier to decide.

.. code:: py

    def rotate(
        self,
        angle,
        axis=OUT,
        about_point: Optional[Sequence[float]] = None,
        **kwargs,
    ):
        pass

* the .__init__() method always should have None as its return type.

* functions and lambda functions should get the typehint ``Callable``

.. code:: py

    rate_func: Callable[[float], float] = lambda t: smooth(1 - t)

*  numpy arrays can get type hints with ``np.ndarray``

Missing Sections
----------------
* Tools for typehinting
* Link to MyPy
* Mypy and numpy import errors: https://realpython.com/python-type-checking/#running-mypy
* Where to find the alias

> * How to use "VMobject" , "Mobject" typehints?

Reviewer 2: * When to use `Object` and when to use `"Object"`.
* The use of a `TypeVar` on the type hints for `copy()`.
* The definition and use of Protocols (like Sized, or Sequence, or Iterable...)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* How to use "VMobject" , "Mobject" typehints?
* When to use Object and when to use "Object".
* The use of a TypeVar on the type hints for copy().
* The definition and use of Protocols (like Sized, or Sequence, or Iterable...)
```
